[Music]
this girl is attending the prom
suddenly a bucket of pig blood falling
pour her into pig blood on the big
screen show the girls cheating video
the people below ridicule but they don't
know
don't provoke a woman especially a woman
who knows magic
[Music]
the girl's name is carrie when she was
born mom wants to use scissors
end her life but the nature of maternal
love still let her not get it off
she decided to raise the baby alone even
though she is the son of satan
soon carrie grew up about to graduate
from high school
because of an erotic mother carey is
timid and withdrawn
often bullied and mocked at school on
this day she took a bath in the school
bathhouse
suddenly soap falls to the ground she
found herself bleeding
she lacks physical knowledge and panics
i think i will die soon
help help me she helplessly asked her
classmates for help
but the students thought it was very
funny i don't even know my aunt at this
age
girls teasing carrie pick up the tampon
hit her
a girl school bully turned on her phone
recorded a video
only xiao su can't bear it but she
didn't stop this bullying
carrie cried huddled in despair
with her collapse the sliver on the
ground starts to vibrate
the lights are on and off fortunately
the teacher arrived in time
she hugged carrie and comforted it's
okay it's okay
afterwards female teacher helps carrie
to popularize physiology
call a parent when i hear carrie was
very resistant
with emotional excitement the water
dispenser suddenly exploded
her ability awakened that night my
mother took her home
carey sitting in the car a bear kid came
suddenly
call her a lunatic carrie is angry
carrie froze she started to realize i
seem to be a little different
come home mother not only didn't comfort
her and blamed her for taking a bath in
a public bath
locked her in a little black room
carrie was so wrong she slapped the door
just a stab
there was a crack in the door
the next day when carrie came to school
but found that everyone was laughing at
her behind her back
original the girl who made the video
yesterday posted the video to the
internet
now she has become the laughing stock of
the whole school carrie lowered her head
silently entered the bathroom she stared
at the mirror angrily
don't understand why i was treated like
this suddenly
what did carrie realize she concentrates
looking at the mirror fragment
sure enough the debris was floating in
the air carrie finally smiled
because she now has the capital to
resist
that night carrie experimenting at home
she raised her hand
all the books come up wave again even
the bed floats up
carrie smiled happily her magic finally
awakened
and she about to blacken fortunately
carrie still has kindness around
chinese class time teacher rolls names
deliberately
make carry a fool sure enough
accompanied by the teacher's ridicule
the girl was laughed at by classmates
again fortunately this time
xiaoshe at the same table gave her a
head start jerk
chaoshuai's object xiaosu also very
sorry
because that day she did not stop the
violence in order to make up for the
fault
she made her boyfriend shaushay to
invite carrie to the prom
at the beginning carrie is a little
scared she's afraid this is another trap
she is afraid of being violent again
fortunately the boy's sincerity touched
her
carrie is very happy she agreed to the
invitation to the ball
unfortunately mom is very resistant
strictly forbid her to participate in
the dance
as if carrie was about to be defiled
watching mom getting crazy
carrie broke out no i'll never be like
that again mother mother kneeled in
fright and prayed
carrie became even more angry after
watching stand up
mother screaming scolded carrie as a
witch a devil
but carrie was determined she must go
she made herself close happily
full of expectation but she doesn't know
the girl school tyrant who uploaded the
video
the school was suspended because of this
also lost the qualification to
participate in the dance
the school bully's heart is full of
resentment she assembled a gang of
people
going to be at the prom let carrie lose
a big ugly
they sneak into the pig pen took a bowl
of pig blood
a crazy plan is brewing prom day
carrie put on a beautiful dress wore a
small flower
she and chaoshay walked into the venue
together the two are in a romantic tune
dance to tune this is the first dance in
carrie's life
everything is as wonderful as in a fairy
tale she has never smiled so happily
the end of a dance it's time to vote for
the queen of dance
school tyrant black box operation let
carrie and xiao shui be elected
successfully
two people on stage at this moment
everyone is cheering and applauding for
them
this is the brightest moment in carrie's
life but in the dark
school bully starts to act a bad luck is
coming
a bucket of pig blood soaked carrie's
head all over in the screen
also playing her cheating video all of
these it's all a conspiracy of the
school boss
she wants carrie to enjoy the pain of
falling from heaven to hell
she succeeded roar of laughter at the
scene treat carrie as a joke
at this moment the iron bucket above
your head is loose
chaoshay was killed on the spot watching
the only one who cared about himself
died
carrie fell into despair she was so
angry in her heart
mothers disregard the teacher's mockery
bullying by classmates the misfortunes
of my life come to mind
finally her magic completely awakened
for a moment the exquisite ball turns
into a purgatory on earth
everyone panicked and fled but carrie
waved locked the door
she wants one by one liquidate their
harm to themselves
carrie crashed start to kill
in the end carrie caught fire burned the
whole dance
school boss and boyfriend escaped in
chaos but carrie
where would you let him go she stomped a
huge crack in the ground
school bully goes crazy she yelled at
her boyfriend
drive over and run her to death
boyfriend kicks the throttle
boyfriend knocked to death on the spot
schoolgirl panicked
she continued to step on the gas pedal
frantically but carrie waved
the car hit a gas station
[Music]
now it's all over carrie takes revenge
panicked and went back to find mom mom
held her in her arms and comforted her
softly
suddenly it turns out that my mother was
assaulted
carrie she took all the sins it's all on
carrie's head
now it's time to settle the sin she
swung her knife at her daughter
knife is deadly
carrie in order to protect herself the
magic exploded again
mother is dead carrie completely
collapsed and desperate
at this time xiaozu appeared she said to
carrie
let me help you but carrie answered she
has been hurt all her life
she already don't want to live anymore
the magic burst out completely
the house started to collapse xiaosu
pounced
want to save carrie carrie sensed that
she was pregnant
so use the last bit of strength send her
out
carrie chose to be with her mother
buried in ruins
at last xiaosu came to the cemetery
carrie's tombstone
vicious words engraved by others she
finally became
the witch in people's mouth but it is
precisely because of people's malice
carrie will become a witch those
experiences
it's just a hurried memory in my
classmates but for carrie
that's her age the pain and torment that
i have personally experienced